ATTENTION: This is a complete spoiler of the storyline. Please do not read below if you do not want the story ruined for you. This is for my personal use, so that I remember where to take the story (yes I have a horrible memory)

Scenario 6: Test of Might: They reach the plateau where the Abominations are being created and are stopped by the Pen master. Once Elhis explains what they need, he laughs and refuses to provide. The Abominations are not granted to just anyone and especially someone who is not a Naga. Elhis by her right as a sea witch challenges the Pen master to a traditional test of might. The Pen master grudgignly accepts.
In the scenario the player should be allowed to use Iktha Toskh, Ikmass and Elhis as well as recall 4 more units. Once this is done, they will be surrounded by 4 Abominations which they will have to defeat. The player now gains the right to recruit abominations.
Now S'Saskin starts their trip back to defend their homeland.

Scenario 7: They reach the outskirts of the swamp where they find Nako Snolt (The Goblin that survived from the 2nd scenario) pillaging their villages and subduing the saurians. The goblin has been sent as a advance task force to test the strength of the Saurians. S'Saskin falls upon it and attempts to drive the goblin forces off. In this scenario the player will have to defeat a number of goblins in the map in order to force Nako Snolt to flee.
The Saurians set up defenses and await the Orcish retaliation.

Scenario 8: 
The orcish main force has arrived. The saurians are greatly outnumbered and the odds are not in their favour. The saurians have defences erected but it wont help against the sheer orcish might. There is just one option left: assassinate the orcish high commander and then evacuate.
Stage 1 Objective: defeat the orcish high commander
Stage 2 Objective 1A: flee the battlefield.
Stage 2 Objective 1B: use the environment of the the swamos to break orcish morale and force their retreat.
--> Kill X orcs
--> kill X goblins
--> Kill X trolls

Stage 2 Objective 1C: Kill orcish commanders to flip orcs against each other